{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Better instructions to prepare for a Crypto lab\
\
If you have an Apple laptop (running OSX) you already have python installed. If you have a computer running windows, you will need to install python; the best instructions I\'92ve seen for that can be found on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/win/"}}{\fldrslt http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install/win/}} . Following these instructions will get you to a basic python 2.7 installation, which you may find useful in any case. \
\
If you are running a tablet of one form or another, there are some python installations available, but I\'92ve not tried any of them. So you could give them a shot, and if you do so I\'92ll be happy to hear how things went. \
\
Once you have done this, you can install pycrypto. Go to the pycrypto web page ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pycrypto"}}{\fldrslt https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pycrypto}} ) and download the package. The package itself will be called pycrypt-2.6.1.tar.gz. You can unpack this either by double-clicking on the file (from the finder or file manager) or by running, in a terminal (on Mac) or Powershell (on Windows) \
\
gunzip pycrypto-2.6.1.tar.gz\
tar xf pycrypto-2.6.1.tar\
\
In either case, there should be a new directory, pycrypto-2.6.1, in your downloads area. Move to that directory in a shell (use the cd command). Once there, you can install the crypto package by running\
\
python setup.py build\
python setup.py install \
\
On a Mac, the second of these might generate an error message (it generates a lot of messages, so you have to look). If it does, try\
\
sudo python setup.py install\
\
which will prompt you for your password, and will give you rights to run the install.}